[Music]
the backside I choose you
say my name so my powers will become
yours
[Music]
I'd like to purchase some of your finest
beer please Sam Oler yes if you have a
location they're gonna cliff and a
castle ass type thing you're looking
something some water splashing on rocks
and stuff then we will take that
experience it in IMAX you can hear him
right yeah pick up your feet guys
adorable you're adorable they can't
understand me kids didn't no one else
here I don't need a Pokemon and what
about a world-class detective because if
you want to find your pops
I'm your best bet
what is that silent but deadly apologies
my tummy's batch from all the coffee
English Pokemon detective Pikachu
that guy's been staring at you all night
what do you say we get out
what is it about this guy when I feel
his love feel like I won't talk the
world
they're things you don't know I am sir I
think I must be lost that will shock you
beyond your worst nightmare I am
innocent you actually believe this
garbage to you they did all the papers
said how did his name get on that
suspect list
[Music]
I want to come and see you it was really
hoping you do that
this case is about catching a monster
ladies and gentlemen I am that innocent
suspect you are skating on thin ice
partner media is convicted Ted before
he's had his day in court
I'm Jack and you're not I wonder whether
he did it or not
I'm more popular than Disneyworld
did you do these things absolutely not
they get back to plotting my escape here
Wow look at our college girl we're just
a phone call away I love you guys so
much thank you for everything
can I help you I'm just doing my job I
just need a little more time bar you
find a way to put some mouton lassoo
sell some crap yeah finally a break
hello he owes you money I miss but
Madonna's accountant
I was MasterCard it's worth $800 who's
supposed to be looking after his
property what's next rent that out right
at his house rent out Nigel's house
that's the same six months in advance I
think he was sent from God as a new
neighbor I'm legally required to tell
you that I'm a registered sex offender
come again
Wow really Nigel how's it going over
there in London huh I just had a
conversation with the police we're going
to jail we got to get out of here just
take what you need for the next few
weeks dad Uncle Frank and aunt Nance
you're here you two are welcome to bunk
in the twins room hilarious
my Frank and I can overcome anything as
long as we are together that's Texas
your mother she seems a little unhinged
dollar recipe
[Music]
keep it close can you wash it that's
fine
[Music]
stop a truck we suck at this prime stuff
drove rocket no you might pick cigar you
probably caught in college
[Laughter]
Frank how are you I'm on the right side
of the grassman man what's the haps
[Music]
one day I finally
is that the [ __ ] hey you look
like [ __ ] I look like I always look
you have pissed away your talent on
women and booze and now you're talking
that's what feeds the juices up here in
my noggin man I get all these things
going they start telling music the
world's reverberating back and forth and
hit the frequencies
I start to dance to it my fingers get
moving spinning our [ __ ] place
[Applause]
and the [ __ ] words come out
girl stops now the foolishness
you got to publish your novel and if you
mess this up its jail time wish me luck
I'm off to write the next great American
novel I may have a gangbang when I get
back I will invite your mother
thank you for someone I'm trying to
uncover my connection with the world
just follow me my friend let's go where
she did pilot mom and you got glaucoma
and Buffy sighs it's perfect shoot
something shoot this in here now I gotta
feed my coke addicted hurt yes set him
up
[Music]
since moving to this nowhere town I'm
still waiting for an ounce of excitement
Nancy Drew check it out the creepy twin
almshouse has gone viral finally things
are about to get a little more
interesting the legend dates back to
1885 when the Colfax brothers who built
twin out had a falling-out over a woman
legend has it you can hear them crying
in the walls sometimes it's weird sounds
like start flickering before these just
stopped making sense you think I'm crazy
huh smidge there's got to be an
explanation so what do we know one we
know a black Mercedes was looking around
20 true we know someone who came in here
and scared us half to death and three
you know it felt insanely real Mean
Girls first the way your brain works is
so cool hello my name is Nancy Drew
like told who's gonna be awesome she is
and wish I were half as brave as you
you're as persuasive as your dad and as
righteous as your mom was so stoked to
carry yeah don't drop it okay don't stop
funny stop you committed several famines
paint their only felonies of your 18
delivering justice it's my duty
[Music]
that sounded so much more fun with you
in it so how do you get in well I
figured you know how to pick a lot
oh now I'm public enemy number one no I
just thought seriously Nance I'm gonna
pick the locker what okay totally
[Music]
can you drive technically
you skate a lot better than you drive
[Music]